# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
ape-pie==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via datamodel-code-generator
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-structlog
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
black==25.1.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
boltons==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via wcmatch
bump-my-version==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   webauthn
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   bump-my-version
    #   httpx
    #   rich-click
coverage==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
datamodel-code-generator==0.30.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-axes==7.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-debug-toolbar==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-structlog
django-jsonform==2.23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-privates
django-setup-configuration==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-simple-certmanager==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-structlog==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
django-stubs==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-stubs
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
djangorestframework-stubs==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   ape-pie
genson==1.3.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
glom==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   playwright
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   bump-my-version
    #   datamodel-code-generator
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
inflect==7.5.0
    # via datamodel-code-generator
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via datamodel-code-generator
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   sphinx
josepy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   jsonschema
lxml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
maykin-common==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via inflect
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
msgspec==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   furl
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
phonenumberslite==8.13.55
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
playwright==1.54.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via questionary
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   yarl
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   bump-my-version
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   bump-my-version
    #   django-setup-configuration
pyee==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   playwright
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   httpx
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-playwright==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest-playwright
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vcrpy
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
questionary==2.1.0
    # via bump-my-version
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-rosetta
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   httpx
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.8.8
    # via bump-my-version
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.11.12
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sentry-sdk==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
structlog==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-structlog
tblib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via bump-my-version
typeguard==4.4.2
    # via inflect
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
    #   referencing
    #   rich-click
    #   typeguard
    #   typing-inspection
    #   zgw-consumers
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
    #   vcrpy
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcmatch==10.0
    # via bump-my-version
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
    #   vcrpy
zgw-consumers==0.38.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.txt
