# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
ape-pie==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-structlog
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
boltons==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
django==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-axes==7.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
django-jsonform==2.23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-setup-configuration==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-certmanager==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-structlog==9.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-stubs==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==5.2.1
    # via django-stubs
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework-stubs==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements/type-checking.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
furl==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
glom==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
josepy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
maykin-2fa==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
maykin-common==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/type-checking.in
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
msgspec==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
multidict==6.6.3
    # via yarl
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
phonenumberslite==8.13.55
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   qrcode
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vcrpy
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-rosetta
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   zgw-consumers
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==2.25.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
structlog==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   maykin-common
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
    #   zgw-consumers
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
    #   vcrpy
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via maykin-common
webauthn==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.20.1
    # via vcrpy
zgw-consumers==0.38.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
